#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==2.2.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   mediapipe
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   starlette
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
attrs==25.3.0
    # via mediapipe
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via sounddevice
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via uvicorn
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
coverage[toml]==7.7.0
    # via pytest-cov
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
fastapi==0.115.11
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
filterpy==1.4.5
    # via -r requirements.in
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via
    #   mediapipe
    #   tensorflow
fonttools==4.56.0
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2025.3.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
gast==0.6.0
    # via tensorflow
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
h5py==3.13.0
    # via
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via -r requirements.in
huggingface-hub==0.29.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
imageio==2.37.0
    # via scikit-image
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
jax==0.5.3
    # via mediapipe
jaxlib==0.5.3
    # via
    #   jax
    #   mediapipe
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
keras==3.9.0
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.7
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   filterpy
    #   mediapipe
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mediapipe==0.10.21
    # via -r requirements.in
ml-dtypes==0.5.1
    # via
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   keras
    #   tensorflow
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
namex==0.0.8
    # via keras
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   filterpy
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   keras
    #   matplotlib
    #   mediapipe
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   opencv-contrib-python
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-hub
    #   tifffile
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
opencv-contrib-python==4.11.0.86
    # via mediapipe
opencv-python==4.11.0.86
    # via -r requirements.in
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via
    #   jax
    #   tensorflow
optree==0.14.1
    # via keras
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   keras
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytest
    #   scikit-image
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
protobuf==4.25.6
    # via
    #   mediapipe
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-hub
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via matplotlib
pytest==8.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
    #   pytest-cov
pytest-asyncio==0.25.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pytest-cov==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   tensorflow
    #   transformers
rich==13.9.4
    # via keras
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
scikit-image==0.25.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   filterpy
    #   jax
    #   jaxlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via mediapipe
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   google-pasta
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sounddevice==0.5.1
    # via mediapipe
starlette==0.46.1
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.13.1
    # via torch
tensorboard==2.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.19.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   tf-keras
tensorflow-hub==0.16.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.37.1
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==2.5.0
    # via tensorflow
tf-keras==2.19.0
    # via tensorflow-hub
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2025.3.13
    # via scikit-image
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via transformers
tomli==2.2.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
torch==2.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
transformers==4.49.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   optree
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   rich
    #   tensorflow
    #   torch
    #   uvicorn
tzdata==2025.1
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.34.0
    # via -r requirements.in
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.45.1
    # via astunparse
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via tensorflow

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
